AviationWorkshop/readme.md, before:

**Notes**

- flightRecMod created the flights layout.
- getFlightsDS: Creates two separate datasets for 2019 and 2020.
- view2019Flights: outputs the first/up to first hundred rows.
- view2020Flights: outputs the first/up to first hundred rows.
- sampleCode: includes some coding syntax you might need.
- Each file contains a year of data from the month file is created. Example Feb 2019 - Feb 2020.
- Keep in mind that DiscontinueDate can go over a year, based on how long that flight should operate. For example, a scheduled flight can operate from (EffectiveDate) 06/01/2020 t0 07/23/2023 (DiscontinueDate).
- Start code is update in this folder as a back up. If you are not in CloudIDE, please use [Aviation Workshop](https://ide.hpccsystems.com/workspaces/share/9feee85a-3ceb-4609-a8aa-99959a8a59bc)
- Need quick reads on syntax, [Learn ECL](https://hpccsystems-solutions-lab.github.io/)
- All codes from Learn ECL can be found in [CloudIDE](https://ide.hpccsystems.com/workspaces/share/291d17d9-e5cb-4fac-83c2-ac5997c28a31) LearnECL workspace.

  **References**

- For Hands practice and information on ECL please visit:
  https://hpccsystems-solutions-lab.github.io/

- More information on ECL:
  https://cdn.hpccsystems.com/releases/CE-Candidate-7.10.16/docs/EN_US/ECLLanguageReference_EN_US-7.10.16-1.pdf

- Standard Library:
  https://cdn.hpccsystems.com/releases/CE-Candidate-7.10.16/docs/EN_US/ECLStandardLibraryReference_EN_US-7.10.16-1.pdf

- Couple short videos on intro to ECl:
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=192&v=Lk78BCCtM-0

- ECL cheat sheet:
  https://github.com/hpccsystems-solutions-lab/KSU-2020-Hackathon/blob/master/ECL_Cheat_Sheet.pdf

- Machine Learning:
  https://hpccsystems.com/download/free-modules/machine-learning-library

Commit message:

Added servicetype and meal type.

AviationWorkshop/readme.md, after:

**Notes**

- flightRecMod created the flights layout.
- getFlightsDS: Creates two separate datasets for 2019 and 2020.
- view2019Flights: outputs the first/up to first hundred rows.
- view2020Flights: outputs the first/up to first hundred rows.
- sampleCode: includes some coding syntax you might need.
- serviceType: list of all services
- MealType: list of all meals
- Each file contains a year of data from the month file is created. Example Feb 2019 - Feb 2020.
- Keep in mind that DiscontinueDate can go over a year, based on how long that flight should operate. For example, a scheduled flight can operate from (EffectiveDate) 06/01/2020 t0 07/23/2023 (DiscontinueDate).
- Start code is update in this folder as a back up. If you are not in CloudIDE, please use [Aviation Workshop](https://ide.hpccsystems.com/workspaces/share/9feee85a-3ceb-4609-a8aa-99959a8a59bc)
- Need quick reads on syntax, [Learn ECL](https://hpccsystems-solutions-lab.github.io/)
- All codes from Learn ECL can be found in [CloudIDE](https://ide.hpccsystems.com/workspaces/share/291d17d9-e5cb-4fac-83c2-ac5997c28a31) LearnECL workspace.

  **References**

- For Hands practice and information on ECL please visit:
  https://hpccsystems-solutions-lab.github.io/

- More information on ECL:
  https://cdn.hpccsystems.com/releases/CE-Candidate-7.10.16/docs/EN_US/ECLLanguageReference_EN_US-7.10.16-1.pdf

- Standard Library:
  https://cdn.hpccsystems.com/releases/CE-Candidate-7.10.16/docs/EN_US/ECLStandardLibraryReference_EN_US-7.10.16-1.pdf

- Couple short videos on intro to ECl:
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=192&v=Lk78BCCtM-0

- ECL cheat sheet:
  https://github.com/hpccsystems-solutions-lab/KSU-2020-Hackathon/blob/master/ECL_Cheat_Sheet.pdf

- Machine Learning:
  https://hpccsystems.com/download/free-modules/machine-learning-library
